rn v12.3.4 (#1458)
mia-platform/documentation: versioned_docs/version-12.x.x/release-notes/v12.3.4.md

---
id: v12.3.4
title: Version 12.3.4 Release Notes
sidebar_label: v12.3.4
image: "img/release-note-link-preview.png"
---

_Jun 10th, 2024_

## Fast Data

### Bug Fix

This version addressed the following bug:  
* When the Projection Storer is attached to a projection that has a field of type boolean to which the default cast function `defaultCastStringToBoolean` is applied, at configuration saving this cast function was saved with an incorrect name, causing an error when the service starts.

## How to update your Console

> For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md#v12---version-upgrades) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `vX.X.X`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For self-hosted installations, please head to the [self hosted upgrade guide](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/100_how-to-upgrade.md#v12---version-upgrades) or contact your Mia-Platform referent and upgrade to _Console Helm Chart_ `v13.0.4`.
```
